Now the probability of sampling a particular variable choosing
a +W or a -W depends on the values of the parents.
But those are chosen according to the conditional probability tables.
So, in a limit, the count of each sampled variable will approach the true probability.
That is, with an infinite number of samples,
this procedure computes the true joint probability distribution.
We say that the sampling method is consistent.
We can use this kind of sampling to compute
the complete joint probability distribution or we can
use it to compute a value for an individual variable.
But what if we wanted to compute a conditional probability?
Say, we wanted to compute the probability of wet grass given that it's not cloudy.
To do that, the sample that we generated here wouldn't be
helpful at all because it has to do with being cloudy,
not with being not cloudy.
So we would cross the sample off the list.
We would say that we reject the sample and this technique is called rejection sampling.
We go through ignoring any samples that don't match
the conditional probabilities that we're interested in and keeping samples that do,
say, the sample, -C, +S, +R, -W.
Or we'd just continue going through generating samples,
crossing off the ones that don't match,
keeping the ones that do.
And this procedure would also be consistent.
We call this procedure rejection sampling.